I keep laughing because I just screwed
up in the title of this song and said it
was called we were going to learn
Coldplay by trouble which is quite funny
really but actually what we're going to
do is learn trouble by Coldplay and so
this is a really good tune to get into
the internet playing Barre chords and
open chords in the same song I'll run
you through the little intro piano and
lick as well but it's mostly what I'm
teaching you is really the piano part
but it sounds nice on guitar so the main
the intro chord sequence is doing this
little run
which is playing the second fret first
finish the string first string third
fret on the B string second string goes
to a G chord you're not familiar with
how to play your B minor Barre chord you
need to go and check out the bar chords
section of our website by the way and
then it does the variation of the make
up this time I'm starting on the fifth
fret of the thinnest string third fret
on the next string same chord sequence
again so that for sequence both times is
in between okay when it comes into the
verse it's starting here with the G
mana
okay I'll just run through that verse
chord sequence again so G
I
my
I gotta
viola
I
you
okay so you can see how it fits in with
the forward super-tight
chorus is very easy only a minor an E
minor seven quite a nice little tune to
have it go through the only power gets a
little bit trickier is in the bridge
which the chord sequence is going B
minor to F sharp minor
- G f-sharp minor and a minor just
running through that
they're the only chord sequences in that
tune very very good tune like I said
it's a great one for getting between
your open chords and your bar chords and
just an excellent tune all around
definitely worth a listen good on your
Chris Martin and band pop stuff I'll see
you again for another song sometime soon
bye
you